Wondering why
Marry me Yama
Don't kill me
You kill me!
Master and Senior Brother Zhao will not let you go
Leave me alone.
When you insult me in every way
Have you ever thought of letting go of Senior Brother Ye Ye?
In fact, it's all a misunderstanding
I was forced.
Zhao Mingfeng did all this for me
As long as you let me go
I'm willing to do anything
Beg for mercy now
late
When you wanted to use my head as a stepping stone
Did you ever think that today would come?
Such a vicious woman is still poisonous
Nightless
The meaning of this seven-step poison sword
Since you won't let it go
Then I will also pull you to be buried with me
Only you will die
My practice is the question of the Supreme Emperor
All poisons are invulnerable
What seven are not poisonous?
What!
I don't believe it. I don't believe it.
How could you be so powerful?
I am not reconciled
I haven't married into a wealthy family yet
Zhangqiao County is dead
Zhao Linfeng
You are next.